Note that Call n8n Workflow Tool requires the sub-workflow to be published (#5228)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/sub-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.toolworkflow.md

* **Database** to select the workflow from a list or enter a workflow ID.
* **Define Below** and copy in a complete [workflow JSON](https://app.gitbook.com/s/rPN1zU5jaYNvwH7RzxqA/manage-workflows/export-and-import).

{% hint style="warning" %}

> When using **Database** as the workflow source, the sub-workflow must be published. If it isn't, the tool call fails with the error `Workflow is not active and cannot be executed.`. The error text is returned to the agent as the tool result. The agent then typically answers as if no data was found, so the failure is easy to miss. If the agent reports that it couldn't retrieve data, check that the sub-workflow is published and that its execution list shows a run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using **Database** as the workflow source and running the agent in production (not the manual/chat test panel), the sub-workflow must be published. If it isn't, the tool call fails with the error `Workflow is not active and cannot be executed.`. The error text is returned to the agent as the tool result. This can be easy to miss inside a longer agent response. If the agent reports it couldn't retrieve data, check that the sub-workflow has been published and that its execution list shows a run..
```

Author: Applied your rewording in 12a6ef4 — thanks, the production vs. manual/chat test panel distinction is a good clarification. One tiny thing: the suggested text ended with a double period ("shows a run.."), so I applied it with a single one.

> When using **Database** as the workflow source, the sub-workflow must be published. If it isn't, the tool call fails with the error `Workflow is not active and cannot be executed.`. The error text is returned to the agent as the tool result, so the agent typically continues and answers as if no data was found, which can make this easy to miss. If the agent reports that it couldn't retrieve data, check that the sub-workflow is published and that its execution list shows a run.

Author: Fair point — split the run-on into two sentences. Fixed in the latest commit.

> When using **Database** as the workflow source and running the agent in production (not the manual/chat test panel), the sub-workflow must be published. If it isn't, the tool call fails with the error `Workflow is not active and cannot be executed.`. The error text is returned to the agent as the tool result. This can be easy to miss inside a longer agent response. If the agent reports it couldn't retrieve data, check that the sub-workflow has been published and that its execution list shows a run.

Author: Good catch — dropped the period inside the backticks so the sentence period terminates it. Fixed in the latest commit.
